Welcome back in the last step we installed git on our local machine.
one of the things you can try doing is you can use git .
You can click the try git link in here.
It's on the git scm dot com home page this is try get.
It would take you to try dot github dot io.
And over here.
You can try and get familier with git.
This is a beautiful way Actually it shows you a few commands you can just type them in and it would
show you all the different things that are involved in creating a git repository and also maintaining
a few files with it.
This is something which I would definitely recommend you to do if you are new to git what will do in
this step is create a new git repository and store all the files that we would want to be able to configure
limits service.
And also we'll try to access them.
Through this spring cloud config server what I'll need to do is I'll go to the command prompt.
So what you're seeing is the terminal in Mac in windows.
You'd need to open your command prompt up go to some folder on your hard disk where you'd want to store
the content of your git repository over here.
I would want to create a new directory so the new directory.
I would want to call it as git local config hyphen repo so I am creating new directory make that directory and I'll
CD to that folder which we created just now we are inside that particular folder and in here I would
want to initialize a new git repository.
How do I do that.
I can do it by using git init.
This would create a new git repository.
So it says initialized empty git repository in this specific folder the specific folder we have be initialize git repository
is over here.
Git local config repo that's the folder we are talking about that's the folder which we created in here
what I'll do is I'll go to the spring cloud config server and add a link to that specific folder.
How do I add a link to that folder in Eclipse.
You can add an external folder as a source link right click build path you can see link source and over here
I can browse to that folder where ever your git repository is created.
I've created this in spring Micro services and over in folder 3 micro services I've a foldee called git local
config repo that's the folder I would want to open so you can look at it in here.
So this is the git local config repo folder that we've created just now.
So over here git local config repo and I would say finish what I would want to do is create a new text
file.
In this specific folder how do I do that can say right click.
New file.
Let's call this in this specific file.
What would we want to store.
We would want to store the configuration for limits.
service.
So what I'll call this is limits hyphen service.
hyphen service dot properties.
This is the application name which we have assigned to limits hyphen service.
So that's the one which I'm using and dot properties in here I can copy the properties that we have
already configured in the application dot properties of limits service.
Right.
We are configured the minimum and the maximum.
So let's copy them in and I'll give over here different set of values so that we can differentiate.
So I'll give 8 and 888 once we created the file we would want to add that file to our word local git repository.
You would want to commit it in how do we do that.
The way we would do that is by saying git ADD and give the file name.
Or I can take the shortcut by saying git add hyphen capital A.
And now I can go ahead and committed to the local repository git commit.
hyphen m and  first commit.
So what we are doing is we are committing the change to the repository.
You can see that the limits services dot properties file whichever we have added in is now committed
to the local git repository.
One of the things you can see is it is one file changed with two new lines that we have inserted in
our local repository is ready what we'll do in the next step is we will connect our spring cloud config server
to this local git repository I'll see you in the next step.